Evacool
mycoolman recreational for ios

Privacy Policy Introduction This app respects and protects your privacy. In order to provide you with more accurate and personalized services, we may collect and use your information when you use our application. The "Privacy Policy" will explain to you how we collect, use, store and share this information when you use our services. We will treat this information with a high degree of diligence and prudence, and use and disclose your personal information in accordance with the provisions of this Privacy Policy. Your use or continued use of our services is deemed to have agreed to the entire content of this Privacy Policy, and you agree to our collection, use, storage and sharing of your information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

Collection of information When we need information that can identify you (personal information) or information that can contact you, we will ask for your consent. You understand and agree that the following information does not apply to this privacy policy: (1) Keyword information you enter when using the search service provided by this application platform; (2) Violations of legal provisions or violations of this application rules and this application has Actions taken against you.
Information use (1) We will not provide, sell, rent, share or trade your personal information to any unrelated third party, unless you obtain your permission in advance, or the third party and this application (including the affiliated companies of this application) Individually or jointly to provide you with services, and after the service ends, they will be prohibited from accessing all such materials including those they were previously able to access. (2) We also do not allow any third party to collect, edit, sell or disseminate your personal information for free by any means. If any user of this application platform engages in the above activities, upon discovery, this application has the right to immediately terminate the service agreement with that user. (3) Based on the purpose of serving users, this application may use your personal information to provide you with information services in similar products of the company, including but not limited to sending you product and service information, or sharing information with this application partners To enable them to send you information about their products and services (the latter requires your prior consent). Information Disclosure Under the following circumstances, this application will disclose all or part of your personal information based on your personal wishes or legal provisions: (1) Disclosure to a third party with your prior consent; (2) To provide you with the information you requested. products and services, you must share your personal information with third parties; (3) Disclose to third parties or administrative or judicial agencies in accordance with the relevant provisions of the law, or the requirements of administrative or judicial agencies; (4) If you violate Relevant Chinese laws and regulations or this application service agreement or related rules need to be disclosed to a third party; (5) If you are a qualified intellectual property complainant and have filed a complaint, you should report it to the respondent at the request of the respondent. Disclosure so that both parties can handle possible rights disputes; (6) In a transaction created on this application platform, if any party to the transaction performs or partially performs its transaction obligations and makes a request for information disclosure, this application has the right to decide to disclose information to that party. Users provide necessary information such as the contact information of their counterparties to facilitate the completion of transactions or the resolution of disputes. (7) Other disclosures that this application deems appropriate in accordance with laws, regulations or website policies. Information Storage and Exchange This application will not collect information and data about you and store it on the servers of this application and/or its affiliates. Information Security We provide you with multiple ways to ensure that your personal information is accurate and timely. You can review or edit the personal information you submitted to us at any time, and you can delete the personal information you submitted at any time. Strictly protect the security of your personal information. We use a variety of security technologies and procedures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, use or disclosure. All accounts in the app have security protection functions. Please keep your username and password information properly. This application will use security measures such as encrypting user passwords to ensure that your information is not lost, abused or altered. Despite the aforementioned security measures, please also note that there are no "perfect security measures" on the information network.
Changes to this privacy policy As the network platform information services are further improved, the content of the privacy policy will be updated at any time. The updated Privacy Policy will effectively replace the original Privacy Policy once it is posted on this Application. We encourage you to regularly check this page to learn about our latest privacy protection measures.
